Good afternoon Greetings from Ukraine, the city of
Khmelnitsky, the high city of Russia,
Rostov-on-Don Rostov, this city,
look, I will ask people from Russia how you feel
about you, you are not in Ukraine,
I treat any war and military operations,
yes What is wrong That
Russia sent troops Ukraine
well, you know, there are no simple answers
to complex questions, a
complex answer, then
how can you tell from all probably the
worst options they chose this one? That
is, you think that you did the right thing, it
turns out, yes,
maybe other options were worse
option not to attack a
good option, how would it all
end
than  it can finish if it didn’t
start
Well, according to you, I kind of want to look
into the thoughts of ordinary Russians, that is, I
answered you, it’s worth considering the answers,
what is it, if you didn’t attack
Ukraine, what would happen,
you would try the Donbass and take the meadows by
force Let’s say  these are all Ukrainian
territories.
I think that you need to talk with these people.
Here we are with him, and pr  why did you,
for example, in Rostov, towards our attitude to
you, there was a feeling of something like this, for example, you
decided on our footsteps
America, for example, they
killed a huge number of people there
Grozny and then rebuilt a bunch of
Chechens
and in Rostov, too, who where was running away from
whom did they run away from Donetsk and
Luhansk,
they asked this question Yes, if you look
if Russian terrorists
occupied these territories there, so from whom
they are running away, it’s not Ukraine either, you ran away
with them,
why did you climb here, we all
agreed why you climbed into
Ukraine
in the Kharkiv region now If you
say What  it was eight years later
, look Yes, after 8 years We
are negotiating something there we are negotiating we are
negotiating you came to seize
part of the Kharkiv region Kherson
Zaporozhye what a joke
listen Well you are a reasonable person
Ask yourself these questions Chechens
agreed And you decided not to negotiate with them
Let's  So why Kherson was
captured by Russia Well, here again
Yes, why  m it was already eight years later,
eight years later, you can capture
Kherson, yes,
you have a concept, there is an opinion that
each subsequent proposal will be
worse than the previous one, that is, it turns out And
what proposal did Russia make to us
if we had any disagreements with
Donetsk Lugansk was on the Minsk
agreements
These are your regions You must
these are our regions your Constitution
ceased to operate from the moment of the Maidan
and the removal of the president whom you
chose
and then Turchinov
it ceased to exist your
Constitution since 93 in Russia
When Yeltsin made a constitutional
coup shot parliament from tanks
you decided What kind of device I have  How
do you non-existent states then
without the Constitution tell us something
about the constitution, I can’t
understand everything is absolutely legal with us, I
explain to you once again that
you chose Ukraine on purpose, of
course Why,
to chat, exchange opinions, you’re talking to
me, cut off to Danchat Lugan
Chan and  what are you
if you don’t want to listen to the Ukrainians, I’ll explain to you if you don’t want to, don’t look. You, I tell you, you go with the Danes Lugan Chana you What for then Ukraine chose what Let’s ask to explain to you that you were supposed to do this wait when I tell you I’m starting to explain, you’re starting, then don’t cut yourself off for Dancheno Gonchano, answer me, you are trying to somehow find some kind of something in my words, I’m seriously telling you the situation is serious If you can understand, but the situation is serious, yes, you will soon not become Russia because the troops are Americans Thank you so much, the British, Europe helps to dispose of the Russians here in huge quantities, the Russians stuck here, they got a huge number of losses in the Kyiv region, they fled in the Sumy region, they fled in the Chernihiv region, they fled Kharkov, they fled from the snake island, they fled under the Crimean boat, Moscow drowned yours in the Kharkiv region, raisins there, in general, they threw a huge group so rescued begst  who can who survived so we
continue to grind your army
that soon there will be no country will fall apart into
separate Caucasus will be independent
Tatarstan Bashkortostan
the operation is an
artificial state from different
nations absolutely What unites the Buryats of a
Chechen, for example, and a Karelian, absolutely
nothing True, this state is
artificial and it should fall apart according to the
logic, true,
Ukraine can also do the same principle,
not in Ukraine there are no Buryats of
Chechens there, huge different territories
Ukraine is a mono-ethnic state  in
its structure, Russia
is some kind of random political misunderstanding,
which, as it were, in a random
way, in some such composition, so that’s
what unites you and a Tuvan, for example,
it’s
hard for you to understand anything, we just switched to
logic and taxes according to logic, we looked at
what I explain to you  not logic
Look logically logically Russia
cannot exist because it must
disintegrate because absolutely different
peoples different religions absolutely everything is
incompatible but rests only on the fact
that Moscow is robbing these peoples and
everything rests on this according to logic If we
look yes then  Russia didn’t have long to stay,
it held on to the army now this army is
dying in Ukraine very successfully dying and
once again To all our
foreign partners, a huge
thank you for helping us with supplies and
equipment of instructors so as to
dispose of the more of these
occupiers, that is, And when this
army remains critical  not so much, I
think that then very
interesting processes of
Rostov-on-Don will begin for you. By the way, I think
some kind of Caucasian quasi-state will depart,
so you will be refugees there, I do not
recommend that you flee to Ukraine
because we will not accept you here when
you start  there is something interesting when the
local population will drive you out of
Rostov
like
this  listen, here is the content for viewers Well,
yes, for the viewer, for whom else the content
is created for the viewers
That is, you have nothing to say so against the
logic, the
logic is obviously strange now
there are completely different processes and there
will most likely be an escalation of the conflict Well,
what processes are you looking at Russia has
only been raking stars for the last three months  and
leaving the
line of defense Prigozhin between Kursk and
Bryansk Kursk Belgorod region
does How do
you think that
we will win as well as we won against Hitler
That is, it turns out He flew in he thought
now he would take everything impudently they
turned out so she flew in something managed
in the first week everything is busy  then only
loses only loses only loses
Let's
say in the last three months that you can say at least one
Russian victory that Russia has won over the
past three months, it
must take Well, it loses
Andrey there are no simple answers to complex
questions I think that since your
president does not go  on the talks
happened
let's
pre  let's imagine that you are the president of Russia I am the
president of Ukraine Let's try to
play negotiations What do you want to
propose for negotiations What is the condition
in his blood status
non-bloc status of what
your state is like And you
have to have a bloc you first make your own non-bloc Do you have a CSTO bloc  it’s true,
everything’s not for negotiations Yes, why
should we,
that the conflict will
continue, yes, we will continue to
dispose of Russians in Ukraine and
then in Russia
look Now you will fire the main
stock of your missile technology, so that
later NATO will enter Yes, both on our
territory and on your territory I think
that there will be a demilitarized
zone of the
nuclear Arsenal before the Urals, because it is impossible
for a crazy
person to have a grenade, that is, he may not
control his own  actions such
blow up random passers-by  so with
Russia, everyone understands that this is just a
rabid dog, the
world community has already come to a
consensus. So Russia needs to be
isolated and demilitarized,
unify this because Russian,
this Nazism, it thrives.
I don’t know
skinheads You have all sorts of 30 years ago, they
probably drove it like 30 years ago the
Soviet Union was almost 200 years ago
You have skinhetra godzil you are still there
six months six months ago skinhead Rogozin
still headed Roskosmos, even an official
was 20 years ago I really heard in  these
stories when the Armenians
attacked more Yes, now the Armenians
are attacking
this is just a movement everyone planted a lemon
national Bolshevik
and yet there were nationalist
notes in this movement in general the anniversary of
physics was just really a very long time
ago 20 years ago Well, and now there is simply
no longer  go I personally trained with
many Chechens Dagestanis went to the
Muslim gym
you see, now it’s just become Chechens of
Muslims, you don’t stick out well anymore,
so
soon it will be in the Caucasus there Independent
Dagestan
independent Ichkeria will be Tatarstan
Bashkortostan Independent
Circassian state will be Russia It is
already on the way to disintegration You see that the
peoples that were conquered Russia are
now
flourishing their birth rate is higher true
they have strong young people boldly And in Russia
the Russians succeed, so
we will help Of course Because Russia crushed Chechnya in the
90s Yes, because the
world community did not want to interfere
This conflict And now we will help,
we will liberate our territory
Donetsk Luhansk Crimea and we will continue to
help
liberate the territories of Russia to the
occupied ones, I partially understand you, I even
understand you, I understand you differently,
you are correct Yes, we are a nation of Winners
Well, we think this way, I understand
Unfortunately, thanks to
such an informational agenda, let's say the
conflict will continue the
conflict continues until
someone won’t lose, but
if someone loses
in Afghanistan, the Soviet Union crap in the woods
and crawl out into Ukraine Russia
climbed crap and it will also come out
absolutely the question is with what
consequences for your country is simple
The longer you delay, you
understand, but the worse  for you, a
good booger
said nothing found
Yes, so I think that the longer it
drags on there, the tag will be more painful for the
collapse of Russia
I understand your rhetoric Yes, it’s just
sad that you want to ask me something else,
for example, like a Ukrainian
How is the situation near Kherson now good
ours are advancing little by little, they are liberating
new villages,
and by Kherson itself Well, there will be a gesture of
goodwill, just like with raisins
and that
you have been cut providing bridges
will be Well, of course, it will be, as well as with
raisins, as well as with balakleya You don’t
think that there may be an offensive there,
you will be through once  that is, you
could not come for 8 months And now come, yes,
I don’t know According to Nikolaev there is no such
agreement
What kind of  reservation information
on Odessa Yes, from where
there is an agreement in Odessa that I
will not storm Where does this come from Where do you have
information about such an agreement
from where
Well, where is there no information anywhere such that it was
agreed that somehow that for you to
agree not to storm Odessa
there is information on ammonia  about the water
that passes through Kharkov.
Probably, you are reading Bulba and telegram.
It turns out
that Russia attacked Ukraine. Russia
set conditions that it is impossible to
attack Odessa.
yes, it’s
real to believe,
I’ll tell you Russia doesn’t attack where
Dali was a starfish,
she attacked Snake Island, etc., a
starfish submarine Moscow dived
everything is already gone Russia on the island cruiser
cruiser was not a cruiser became a submarine
when it was necessary it was a cruiser submarine
transformation occurred t
what kind of Orcs climbed in the Kyiv region, they turned out to be all gone now, that is, it is logical that during the war you wanted Kyiv to be taken Of course not, I wanted ours to defend Kyiv Well, super norms That is, ours were beaten in the teeth, the Russians shamefully ran away everything cool further ours gave near Kharkov Yes, shame on the Russians they fled Is it true or you want to say there are no simple answers to complex questions you have so much Everything just turned out just didn’t get No Of course it could refute your arguments for taking other cities if the armed forces of Ukraine could not stop the orcs and then they would have taken the armed forces Ukraine is the strongest army in Europe, of course, the strongest army in Europe, what the Germans did Why did you take Kherson because ours left Kherson Yes, why were you able to take Mariupol because you jumped in a huge number Yes, surrounded and were able to take Why didn’t you take Kharkov because you couldn’t take That's all they are 'cause you like it or you don't want it Yes  they couldn’t crap the
prospects Of course you draw a good
perspective I think so the
internal revolution in Russia
not only in the information war also
works well the information war
can’t be without real
imagine if now everything was
occupied there almost to the lion’s eye I would
say that we will defeat such
information
but  when you get or four months and
you say that you will win,
such a war does not work informationally
because
Russian losses are an order of magnitude more,
an order of magnitude, this is 10 times Well, an order of magnitude,
depending on which number system, if in
decimal then 10 times your
approximate figure  lost, I ca
n’t because I don’t see how the loss of our
general staff is people that you are already getting
right Now I’ll tell you exactly how much it shows
about almost 70000 69 thousand seven hundred
tomorrow we will celebrate 70 thousand dead orcs
turns out I understand And your
losses
Yes, and what are you from  want to get
something else want to ask me like
your  question
But the fact that, in my opinion, the losses are estimated at 400 thousand by
some foreign
publications are unfamiliar with foreign knowledge, you
consider 400 thousand dead Ukrainians Well,
this, together with the wounded
Russians, then how much foreign
knowledge will estimate
I don’t know if they
have something I don’t  I understand, look Russia
says here Shoigu yesterday or the day before yesterday
he said that 5000 something there and such as the
dead Russians So
Well, well now, then how many there
will be
8000, let’s suppose yes it turns out,
look that if 400 thousand Ukrainians
have already died And there are 5 6 7 in total  8 thousand
Russians Why, then, in Russia,
mobilization for more than 300 thousand
people was announced,
see What a simple answer you have to a
difficult question yes, yes, how to
control such a large territory,
not so, see
90 thousand 90, roughly speaking, there are 150
thousand, let's take all the PMCs together  with
people's faces 150 thousand. They
can’t control this territory;
they take it from a mobile phone, not for police
functions, what to control there  so,
namely for the military Yes, their matchmaker
is already throwing the first prisoners there is wait
your first mobilization he has gold on the
canal it turns out look 8 months you
stood you stood a huge amount of
territory you didn’t need 300
thousand We gasoline that something to
control Now you  you lost a hell of a lot of
territory but retreated and now you
urgently needed mobilization, but the loss of
you is not what kind of mobilization we
would need then, but it’s easy to make it recognizable.
In order not to
excite the population, because there
could be internal tension
so that there would be what and for what tension would
make that someone would you go to a rally,
would it be something? This is an unpopular measure.
Russia,
but The retirement age was raised
in Russia,
but it’s not  popular here, the authorities don’t care
about the people’s opinion, is it true
or the people said raise the
retirement age for us
Yes, in general, your mouth Yes, honey mini, well,
really Look, you say that the
authorities don’t exist there, it’s not popular I know that
you raised the retirement age, it’s
generally unpopular so I don’t know  who
wants to raise his retirement
age, where are the riots and rallies?
How do you estimate the number of troops
mobilized How many people of yours?
And throw in extra I think that
they announced 300 they will obviously gain more, but
I don’t have information How much they
will actually gain when all these people
get to the front  and the army will still enter the one
that was at the time the
situation may change the question of where you
mobilize new tanks aircraft
for example
do you think that they are running out I think that they are
running out of
meat You can mobilize and
equipment if you already have drones from Iran from
some Iran you buy drones
we are talking about Russian industry,
that is, there is nowhere to take tanks from, how many
tanks  ov Ural car factory or who
makes it a year
now new tanks how many tanks they make a
year tanks new tanks
how many tanks you have
in Russia Well, then find out then you will
mobilize a million people what you
will do with
them weapons are running out
Yes, yes you  you can give a machine gun with a
Kalashov So what will you do but
you have a million people what will you do with them
Let them run screaming according
to your own media and bloggers, we and
Kalash do
not have a rifle By the way, I saw these jokes of
these mobilized in Donetsk  mosquitoes
Like it was funny it was a mockery
Yes
Think the issue is being resolved it’s not I think
Yes Partially resolved but it won’t be
solved systematically That is, you can’t
get a bunch of new tanks out of nowhere where in general
these armats here you are there like an armata tank
got you know that Yes, not one else  the
armata tank was not hit at the front, you know why,
because they weren’t at the front,
they were only at the exhibition. Yes, there is that
tank that got stuck on Red Square
during the para  I’m glad
that we’re going to do how many of these formats you have, the
format of the
entire tank How many I
think that the Russian
Federation has enough tanks in service with
Europe,
but it was a limited contingent,
now it will be
unlimited Yes, it was unexpected, well,
how unexpected  they crowded around
Ukraine crowded crowded troops And where
will you get so many tanks now you
February 24 was a surprise surprise for you
I thought that something might
start on the 16th
it was unexpected for me Well,
look here for an hour You burst in with a
huge number of personnel
there are no military men, these alcoholics
Well, not a professional army,
there are still personnel units that were
part of the beginning Maybe I had something in terms of
this professional army Yes,
when you figure out the term
contract soldiers and personnel army, they died
there
like Kherson and so on,
these are what are left now  -some parts and new
drunks you type it like this  all of them
caught a million army, which
was still there, but it’s clear that it’s still
spread along the borders along the borders, but it seems that part of
it is how much of this contingent is
land Yes How much of this is not just
there the bureaucratic military of the
Belgorod region,
plus mobilized 300,
you probably know when it arrives  hemars
rocket he honestly doesn’t care either
there are 10 people sitting there or there are 100 people
sitting there, and the larger its radius of
destruction is
or what flew in
more cram it more it will die well,
you know what it is now There is such a
topic that very satellites interfere with
commercial ones that go into orbit as
soon as they are
because something for the satellites told
you this general or who This
American said that
we will protect our satellites even
commercial
so how can you
protect Russia, this state endured,
for example, you  they tore the Nord Stream and
what you did
we can’t do anything You see,
that is, look America or someone I
don’t know who blew up this Nord
Stream for you handsome fellows Well done we like it
blew up still sit crap that you
said at least something to America and you think
you are not a satellite
who will bring down the
Nord Stream, this is not only against us
against Europe, this is you This is your money
this is your business imagine that you are a
businessman
who gets money for this
in the end but you get the money
, including us Gazprom
is a blow in the first  turn on Germany, but
this is a blow to Russia, a
certain part How Russia
reacted to the destruction of the Nord
Stream How Germany Germany itself will
respond
satellites you will shoot down
you crap yourself and sit silent though the
state tolerated you blew up the
Nord Stream you are even Afraid to voice
who did it True their satellites are not
shoot down because officially
your investigators can't tell it to
explode  Ali Americans Yes, they don’t really let
you go there, they don’t even let you go there
and you will be satellites it
turns out
this is consorption you have nothing to do
with it
so your small part sees
how everything is simple with you very simply very simply
your streams blew up you crap and
you have everything  it’s kind of hard to sort it out
Maybe they don’t let us in but
we’ll shoot down the satellite what do
you think the Germans liked
it what do you think
it's all
tired tired
Awareness will come I understand perfectly
tired of the conversation
This is my flaw Very interesting
very interesting
I wanted to tire you very much with a
conversation  modern Science and
industry so
Yes, the satellite may be able to tell
For example, you have a phone p  Russian Well, the
device phone
no computer Russian
car Russian
let's make it easier that you have Russian
nothing
you don't have anything Russian so I'll turn
it on there Chinese American Japanese
European yes
and you will shoot down satellites yes
you think there
is something to shoot down but the decision to make of
course it will be very difficult and  it
will be the most interesting thing that it will
also be accepted suddenly, perhaps
technologically behind that's how Take a
Soviet phone with such a handset and
some modern Samsung iPhone there
and then the
difference between the technologies of Russia and the
technologies of the West is like the difference
between this Soviet old phone and its
modern
smartphone  I don’t quite understand why
you are leading that there is no weapon capable of satellite
not me I think that technologically
you have backward weapons, that is, it’s
understandable yes, that is,
that is, there are no weapons that a
satellite can I think that our
Western partners just have weapons that are much more
technologically advanced  is it so  to prevent the
question from sounding differently Why do
n’t you want it yet Consider
this Western weapon allows you to either
prevent you from shooting down your satellite in one way or
inflict such a response on you, you will
crap just like you crap from the
northern stream, you know they
spat in the face like that  showed your place, you
understood, climbed in right away to open it. I think
that the weapon that can be
shot down by a satellite is not intercepted,
but what kind of super weapon can
you tell?
no one will shoot him down Yes, there is also a tirade, for
example, that is, in short, you still say
if they launch a rocket there to shoot down a
satellite, you can’t shoot it down in any way,
so it hangs above you, this satellite does not
pass over us to
intercept it is unrealistic to intercept this missile in general,
but How, that is,  nothing
flies there, of
course, it’s not realistic to shoot down,
I’m not an expert in this, so I don’t
argue about what I don’t know, for example,
tolerance  tim that you can’t intercept this river.
Okay, you bang some kind of
Finnish satellite or satellite of Ilona mask there.
So your communications will be bang there,
I’m the satellites that interfere,
they are already known,
so the Americans will bang you another type of
communication what to do
and what else they will bang life there  another
power plant will crash your
communication centers at the decision-making center,
and what will you answer the Americans They are
stronger than you, you crap you can’t
say anything True Putin can only
cry there some theses
we are not all of us as a country of the
former Sovka,
too, look at us as a country of the former Sovok
We also have such a trouble, we understand
we are following the development path Like this, we are
developing integration
and miraculously we have the Legacy of the Soviet
Union, just like you are proud of this, this is
backwardness
Tell us how  - then you have
some kind of channel on YouTube
What is the name of Andrey
Popok I will definitely subscribe to you if I have the
opportunity  I hope we will cross paths with
you after some time and
where where is all this going for me
It happened that I talked to people
then they came across in a couple of months
kids at Damn maybe maybe in a
couple of months we will meet so you
say Look I say that I will knock
the satellite and the beating Damn, yes, for sure,
maybe you didn’t shoot down satellites like that,
I’ll laugh at you, they will
fall apart, you say damn dude you
were right, not one
of us recognizes
Russia in two months will not fall apart, that
is, this process is a little longer
because it is Closer to  Russian spring is
called Well, you see, as we understand,
there is another question there for 40
minutes
yes Basically No thank you for the welcome
you are not aggressive I tried not to be
very too Although I
tried to prick you so often in
conversation so I understand  I understand you
part of our information propaganda fault
well we
will all meet I really wanted to
meet honestly in two months Andrey
Andrey Papa
Write in Russian on  peak is just
the priests in Ukrainian Russian
Well you will spread our conversation
or you don’t want
I don’t want if then I’ll blur you well
If it was interesting
since you don’t want me to
blur you if possible Yes yes
Good luck Peaceful sky
it was necessary  so that you climb in or we
kick you out in Russia, we will try to
justify your hopes, let
's all Yes, here are all the conversations that begin, yes, of
course, against the war, then you
unpack and there are forced
measures And so on, an interesting conversation
was in terms of some kind of theses I
think maybe before  noises Russia is falling apart
Yes Russians look Russia will fall apart
this is already a fact No one doubts
even in the middle of Russia no longer
doubts seeing
Russia’s military defeats in Ukraine so this will lead to an
aggravation of the internal internal
processes of the Russian Federation between
national social there regional
Russian Federation artificial
state it just keeps  Well, what
unites the Chechens boo  ryatov and for example
all different nationalities different histories
different traditions are different
therefore
this artificial state should
fall apart like the author of the
Hungarian Empire fell apart in its place there that there are about a
dozen independent states of the Czech Republic
all Slovakia There and so on a bunch of a bunch of
everything is it’s normal there’s no need to
be afraid  on the contrary, move towards
creating these nation-
states and each state will
live better prosperity instead of
this Imperial center sucking juices Yes,
say from each state that they do not develop They
will not give Moscow to the Station Region
Moscow that they get
just taxes, everyone is dumped in Moscow  and
then distribute Moscow Well, except for the
local ones,
OK, direct Cape, we subscribe Slava ukrai